German - EVVM.org: Hola, hola, hola, hola.
Pooja Ranjan: Hello, gentlemen.
German - EVVM.org: Hello, how are you?
Pooja Ranjan: Doing well. I think I'm seeing you for the first time. You're the same, are you talking to me, right?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, yes, it's me. I guess.
German - EVVM.org: We met in… I… I think, we met in Delhi, in the… it global, it's possible.
German - EVVM.org: You were there? No, not there in person, but my understanding is you were on Discord's server a while ago, because I remember this handle. This is a unique handle, and I remember it.
German - EVVM.org: Are you talking to me? Yes. You know?
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
German - EVVM.org: Is that what it means, is, are you talking to me? So, yes, yes, I was in other calls, but also.
German - EVVM.org: I was asking you a few years ago, and past year also, because I had other proposals in my mind. I didn't draft them on the Ethereum machines. And I'm continuing working on them, because, you know, I take this very seriously, so,
German - EVVM.org: I… I was asking some guidance from you.
German - EVVM.org: And you gave it to me in the Discord, and also in messages.
Pooja Ranjan: Okay, that makes sense. So I understand, we are here for perhaps 8003 today, are you planning to get it merged? Because I did not find that proposal on…
Pooja Ranjan: The list, like, in draft status just yet.
German - EVVM.org: is in drafts, you added into the drafts many times already, but I could connect now, that's why I, I, I, I wrote you. Let me show you.
Pooja Ranjan: Sean?
German - EVVM.org: echo.
Pooja Ranjan: No worries. I mean, we will take a look at it when the editor is… is, online, like, he's yet to join.
Pooja Ranjan: No, I don't think it has been merged yet.
Pooja Ranjan: By any chance, do you have the PR link handy? If you can drop it in the chat, we will try to take that, the first proposal for discussion today.
German - EVVM.org: Yes, give me one second, please.
Pooja Ranjan: Sure.
German - EVVM.org: So, how is everything prepared in Argentina? Have you been there before?
Pooja Ranjan: been to South America, not to Argentina in specific, so it's first time, but I have added you to the list, and yeah, that should be good. If you're good with the title, we should keep that.
German - EVVM.org: Yes, yes, I like it. Yes.
Pooja Ranjan: And it would be a pleasure to hear from someone who is trying to make the first
Pooja Ranjan: EIP in, because people sometimes have challenges, I believe your talk could be inspiring for many other authors.
German - EVVM.org: Yes.
German - EVVM.org: I guess so. That's why I… I take the lead to… to send this… this proposal. Let me send in the chat the link.
German - EVVM.org: You can see…
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, the… Hmm.
Pooja Ranjan: Okay, so that has been tagged multiple times, it's just that we never got a chance to merge it.
Pooja Ranjan: Which, I believe we should be in a position to do that today.
Pooja Ranjan: Cool.
Pooja Ranjan: Let's wait for…
German - EVVM.org: It's okay, excellent.
Pooja Ranjan: Fine, yeah.
German - EVVM.org: I'm excited about this.
Pooja Ranjan: Sure.
Pooja Ranjan: Let me quickly ping him.
German - EVVM.org: Good. I'm, by the way, I'm from Uruguay, so, have you been in Uruguay?
Pooja Ranjan: No, I think… No, neither? No, I went to Ecuador last time.
German - EVVM.org: That's nice. Quito?
Pooja Ranjan: Yep, I lived there for a few years.
German - EVVM.org: Oh.
Pooja Ranjan: Hablas espanol.
Pooja Ranjan: Poco, poco espanol.
German - EVVM.org: That'd be nice.
German - EVVM.org: Okay, more people arrived.
Pooja Ranjan: Right.
Pooja Ranjan: Welcome, Rajit. Welcome, John.
Pooja Ranjan: Should you have any PR that you would want to be reviewed today, and you have questions for editors, please feel free to drop the link in the chat, and we will take it in the order.
Rajat K Wasan: Yeah, hey Pooja. No, I just wanted to, let you know that there were some comments on ERC7518.
Rajat K Wasan: So, that feedback is still in progress, so I just don't want to include this in this QR code here.
Pooja Ranjan: By in progress, you mean that you have acted upon it, and you would want auditors to take a second look?
Rajat K Wasan: I mean, like, we haven't acted yet, so we are working on it, so…
Pooja Ranjan: We are working on it. Cool, that makes sense. No worries, thank you.
Pooja Ranjan: Editor should be here in a couple of minutes, he just pinged, he's trying to connect.
Pooja Ranjan: Hey Victor, thank you for joining.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hey, how are you?
Pooja Ranjan: Doing very well. Would you want to check your screen sharing permission, if it is working well?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, let me take a look.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One second…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can you give me the, GitHub EIP?
Zainan Victor Zhou: repository link, for the EIP to be reviewed today.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I've just shared in the chat the agenda list.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, now let me share my screen.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can you see my screen?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, we can see it.
Pooja Ranjan: And it is visible.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, we are all set. Akash, please move over the screen.
Pooja Ranjan: Welcome to EIP Editing Office Hour. This is meeting number 77, and in this meeting, we are going to include EIP plus ERC pull requests.
Pooja Ranjan: We are joined by Editor Victor, and he's gonna go through the proposal. We are also joined by a few authors who have their proposal listed for agenda today.
Pooja Ranjan: So, Victor, welcome, and perhaps we can begin with the first PR, which is 1158 on ERC repository.
Pooja Ranjan: We have the author joined by that, and let's try to answer the questions of the authors first.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, this is a ERC20 print initialization extension with, Sentinel, storage.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And I think the intention was to, include it emerge as a draft.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me double check…
Pooja Ranjan: That's correct, and we are joined by the author, German, in case you have any question for him, or if you want to quickly check anything.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hi, German, thanks for coming.
German - EVVM.org: Hello, thanks for taking time to review my proposal.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, pre… an option function. Okay, let's take a look at what this function is.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's a pre-initialized address, and what is the implementation? What is the reason for that?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, that's an interesting idea.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Which means you can preload Some of the storage.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And save a lot of gas.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nice, and even including the recommendation implementation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Look pretty neat. Let me quickly take a look at the… at the specialized specification. This is… must store…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Balance.
Zainan Victor Zhou: S… Mapping address to bind… byte 32.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, provide a public external function.
German - EVVM.org: I also provided a solidity code already working, and made tests with on-chain transactions to prove it, and also I provided a calculator to estimate in real time how much are you going to
German - EVVM.org: To save in gas. All these links are in the Ethereum Magician, post.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nice.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I am a big fan of providing reference implementation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, let's take a look at this.
Zainan Victor Zhou: with what user is for. Okay, it gives user… Some kind of magic number.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's a magic value.
German - EVVM.org: Number is a string. This is very important, because for safety and accountant redundancy, we can't use numbers, because if not, we will have problems. If we use one or a high number, the accountant of the token will be break… broken.
German - EVVM.org: So it's, it's not a number, it's a string. That… that is the… the… the… the hacky, the tricky part here is storing as bytes.
German - EVVM.org: but representing as UINT for the interfaces, so it's standard. The wallets and the users shouldn't do anything new.
German - EVVM.org: Just this is an internal, procedure.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I see.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Cool. Let me see… so this user will be assigned for…
Zainan Victor Zhou: A magic number, and what's the relationship between
Zainan Victor Zhou: In this particular implementation, what's the relationship between balance by 32 and allowance?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see…
German - EVVM.org: The implementation, in general, is the same. The thing here is that we are pre-initializing with a byte. It's not a magic number, it's a byte, so it's a string.
German - EVVM.org: And this is not interpreted never by a number, that's why this couldn't have a problem with the representation on the accountant of the token in general, with the balance, general balance, and issuance, and neither with the user's balance.
German - EVVM.org: Because this string is handled as 0, because it's zero on number representation, a string. But in the interfaces.
German - EVVM.org: Nothing changes. So in the interfaces, to know the balance of a user, to do transfers, or whatever else, or mint, it goes to a number, because a byte 32 can have a number inside.
German - EVVM.org: And this will work as the same than if it was a UINT. So, if we pre-initialize with a zero value, we are not saving anything, because zero to non-zero caused the full gas.
German - EVVM.org: So, when we pre-initialize with bytes, the bytes to a number cost a quarter part of gas.
German - EVVM.org: Because you already have data there, and you are just reutilizing the slot. The SS storage will take, like, 5,000 units of gas in place of 20,000 units. And in the…
German - EVVM.org: in the implementation in Ethereum Magicians, I, I also wrote and published a calculator
German - EVVM.org: That you can use to check all the things.
German - EVVM.org: Likewise.
Zainan Victor Zhou: calculator.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can you share the link to the copy?
German - EVVM.org: machines, Indian machines. And also.
Zainan Victor Zhou: He's magicians, okay.
German - EVVM.org: made machines.
German - EVVM.org: There is… I can't, should I reshare the link? Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, let me see if this is the eats musician, right?
German - EVVM.org: Yes, it is.
German - EVVM.org: Also, there is some discussion for a user that has confirmed some security concerns that were answered.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Would you be worried about overflow, data overflow?
German - EVVM.org: No, no, there will be no chance in this case.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So let's say we happen to have a magic number that is That is very large.
Zainan Victor Zhou: in… The deal.
German - EVVM.org: By the implementation, it's not by the user.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is generate… this is, implement implementation specific, right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: I know.
Zainan Victor Zhou: this is implementation-specific, but what I wonder is, let's say someone got initialized with a big number.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And then, by the way, you're only initializing one user, right? From the interface I see, this function was called with only one user, right?
German - EVVM.org: For each user, yes, in the line 19, you have where the magic value.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes?
German - EVVM.org: Great.
German - EVVM.org: And then you use it for every user. For every user that wants to pre-initialize, They call…
Zainan Victor Zhou: For every user. Okay, so for every user, which means if a user…
Zainan Victor Zhou: let's say I haven't been the ERC20
Zainan Victor Zhou: let's say your token is called German token, and it's an ERC 8003 compliant token contract.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And German… Your own account already has been… pre-initialized.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, I… like, I'm a new person, you want to interact with me, you want to transfer some…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Token to me.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Does this function get called again, or does the pre-initialized address get called on my account as address again, or does it get called,
Zainan Victor Zhou: does it not get called? I'm a little bit puzzled here, because I couldn't see where the pre-initialized is called for every user, when you say every user.
German - EVVM.org: The pre-initialize is optional, so you are up to pre-initialize. It's an option, it's like, let's call it an ex… a plugin, an extension, a module, that if you add to your ERC20 contract, users can go
German - EVVM.org: in advance, pre-initialize their addresses prior to a potential gas spike. So this is up to each user, it's not mandatory. Users, doesn't need to pre-initialize to use it. The implementation…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Optional.
German - EVVM.org: It's optional. It's optional for each user.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I mean, some of the user may choose to pre-initialize their address, some may choose not to do so.
German - EVVM.org: Exactly. And also, the wallets, in example, if I have a wallet and want to give a better performance for my users, I can
German - EVVM.org: sponsor this pre-initialization. I don't know, the… this opens the possibility to many use cases, but also when we will see every time more sponsoring of gas in the future, and for sure, this will save a lot of
German - EVVM.org: Costs for the ones that are sponsoring the token transfers.
German - EVVM.org: Because they will be able to pre-initialize the addresses of the users that they are going to sponsor the transactions when gas is low, so they will be saving a lot. And if you go to the Ethereum machines, if you let me show you something…
Zainan Victor Zhou: So.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me run a quick, the reason I… so, as an editor, I'm usually not supposed to ask you,
Zainan Victor Zhou: technical review questions. But here, I think the technical feedback and editorial feedback is slightly intertwined, because
Zainan Victor Zhou: we want to prove… we want to work together to prove that this ERC is introducing, interfaces and definitions that can achieve
Zainan Victor Zhou: the goal and rationale that this ERC want to achieve. For example, gas saving.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So let me run a quick Thought experiment in this…
Zainan Victor Zhou: reference implementation. Assuming, German, you started out, it pre-initialized your address.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Which gives you a magic.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right? Now, you also get, let's say, airdropped
Zainan Victor Zhou: Token, let's say, happened to be two tokens, right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, let's say someone who already owned a token transferred to you,
Zainan Victor Zhou: two tokens, what will happen? Then, this address 2 will be German's address, this number will be 2. The sender, who happened to have enough balance, would be able to give you 2.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes. Now… Yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: You are going to be swapping… The sender will be…
Zainan Victor Zhou: updated to its balance, we don't care, but let's focus on the presumed German
Zainan Victor Zhou: Address. Balanced by 32, German equals to… your current balance.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Plus value, right?
German - EVVM.org: Yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, and then this is a typical transfer. Now, your number becomes magic plus 2. This is the first step.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, the second step When you German want to transfer to me, Victor.
Zainan Victor Zhou: You make a transfer. Now, I'm going to assume you are able to transfer me more than 2 tokens, maybe 3.
German - EVVM.org: Okay. So, let's try to run this experiment, because I actually don't know how it will play out.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So now the 2 is Victor's address, and the value is 3.
Zainan Victor Zhou: The sender at this point would be… the balance would be… You will be… Having a magic…
German - EVVM.org: But this is… this is the point that is interesting.
Zainan Victor Zhou: for trademark.
German - EVVM.org: Thank you.
German - EVVM.org: Sorry? Yes, magic. Magic is treated as zero.
German - EVVM.org: My chick is zero, so…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Magic is treated as 0, but currently the value is magic plus 2.
German - EVVM.org: But when you do the maths.
German - EVVM.org: Magic is zero, because it's a string.
German - EVVM.org: And then disappear.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, so here's the thing. If I… if I run this function, at this point, I'm going to read a number…
Zainan Victor Zhou: of… Magic Plus 2.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right?
German - EVVM.org: No. Magic number.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Excellent.
German - EVVM.org: You just read two.
German - EVVM.org: Because my.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, Visa.
German - EVVM.org: beer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: where does it, like, if I run this function, read this function, does it read out 2?
German - EVVM.org: Yes.
German - EVVM.org: Yes, balance is not… it's not… when you do the maths, the magic disappears, and this starts behaving as a unit. So the byte 32, when it's taken into maths.
German - EVVM.org: disappears.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I see where it disappeared. Can you… yeah, can you point me to the line of where that magic number get disappeared?
German - EVVM.org: It could work in Solidity, there is already a test, this is deployed, and there is the testing transactions, and also the results, this same contract, and it's verified on.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, okay.
German - EVVM.org: Everything is already… Yes, it's… here you have the graphs on how you save.
German - EVVM.org: And in, you know, in the, in the specification?
German - EVVM.org: If you go there, reference implementation in the links, a little down, a little up, sorry.
German - EVVM.org: In the, in the, in the Ethereum Machicians Forum.
German - EVVM.org: Yes, you go a little up, this is how you say, but a little, a little more, there, there, there, the, down, a little down.
German - EVVM.org: Don't… where.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Do you want to, yeah, do you want to present on your side?
German - EVVM.org: Real testing results.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
German - EVVM.org: We are testing receipts.
Zainan Victor Zhou: These are only testing the gas usage, right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: What I want to…
German - EVVM.org: He's a check. He's the codebroker.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, well, let me, let me do this.
German - EVVM.org: Good.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Assuming… Can you verify the… ERC20,
Zainan Victor Zhou: Token will be able to execute the following transactions.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One, mint, two, address… Alice?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let's say address.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alice, 20… token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: to pre-initialize.
Zainan Victor Zhou: of Bob.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alice… Transfer 20 to Bob.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, Bob transferred to… Let's, let's use just two, because that's making it hard, very hard.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Transfer to, 3 to…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Attempt to transfer 3 to, to Charlie.
German - EVVM.org: Okay, this is already tested in the transactions.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Exactly. And suppose the…
Zainan Victor Zhou: So what will happen to… in your, implementation, what will happen to, step 4?
German - EVVM.org: will… will… if… if Bob…
German - EVVM.org: try… no, we'll fail, because Bob doesn't have 3.
German - EVVM.org: Have two.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, let's, supposed… yeah, that's what I think, too. Supposedly, Bob,
Zainan Victor Zhou: step 4 will fail. Can you run these four steps?
Zainan Victor Zhou: In your transaction… in your… Reference, implementation, deployment.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And show the failure.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
German - EVVM.org: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: that's a… that's a technical question. If you already have a failure that you can, like, just show me on in transaction, I would be happy to take. Now.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Usually, just to clarify, usually I'm not supposed to be giving technical reviews, because this is very specifically technical reviews. But we really want to test out that one of the implementations achieve your goal.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So that's… this is, a valid, ERC definition.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, can you… can you try to do that? Or do you think it would take you some more time? You can, like, we can… I can go review another… a few ERCs and come back, or do you already have a transaction that you can show?
German - EVVM.org: I can do it, but, maybe you can go with another review, and don't lose minutes, and we come back in 10 minutes, or when you tell me at the call, and I will answer properly in the forum. Thank you.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's nice. Okay, cool. Let me just leave a message.
German - EVVM.org: I will do right now.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, this is… this… this one… over… Overall, look like… A really interesting proposal.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Just one thing I want.
Zainan Victor Zhou: to check if the… Math still works in this new… approach.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Left a technical… Question. Common.
Zainan Victor Zhou: in East, Maggie.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And… Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me know when it's answered. Cool.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alright, thank you very much, German. We will make sure to prioritize once you, are done executing these transactions.
German - EVVM.org: Thank you.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, okay. So, now let me come back to the second one. Pooja, I will let you lead and decide which EIP I should review next.
Pooja Ranjan: So the next, we are joined by the author for PR number 1226, so if we can perhaps take a look at…
Zainan Victor Zhou: 1, 2, 2, 6, okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And, is the author on the call today?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, it's John, and he's on the call, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hi, John.
Jon - 8033: Alright, thank you for the review, appreciate it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, this was assigned 8033. Supposedly you already added that. I'm considering this as resolved.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Positive… oh, yeah, I left a message, says we want to see if there's community interest.
Zainan Victor Zhou: someone… AI console.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Or, of course.
Zainan Victor Zhou: The important validation task.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Cool. Let me take a look.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay… Alrighty.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I would… Check the ERC commit review and consider.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Actually, no, do not choose other ERCs due to increasing complexity, and then not to be constrained in meeting fee.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Take a look… with AI agents…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Foster City.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What?
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, let me see the rationale… What?
Zainan Victor Zhou: specific… what specific ERC you're not… you're saying, increasing the complexity?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Complexity… would use… Does not provide a built-in review mechanism.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Well, that's up for you to provide, that's intentionally left out, right? Like, it… input… adding that doesn't… dozen…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Increase your complexity because you can choose them.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay… but that's your call.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It would, it would reduce your…
Zainan Victor Zhou: It would probably reduce, the, the adoptability.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Amid review, that yes, it was also considered but not easily applicable to the text fields and resolution flow.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… Okay… I will consider that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: leave technical feedback, but this is answered and addressed. Thank you, John.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Console-based resolution flow.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Must support core flow.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Recruit.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Request, create, agent, commit.
Zainan Victor Zhou: review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: judging, and aggregation and reward distribution. Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can any one of them be optional?
Jon - 8033: I don't think that any one of.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And agents…
Jon - 8033: the optional.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, can… and implementation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Decide to allow free of reward distribution.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I mean, that's for you to consider. You can say, no.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Definitely not. We will consider it incompliant with our ERC if you don't have it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, that's, like, the mindset of ER as the definition. You want to allow people to adopt you as easy as possible, but also not too flexible that other people don't have the expectation. So, yeah, I'm just raising this question. It's for you to decide.
Jon - 8033: Okay. Yeah, I, I think that…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, this is an optional comment, so you don't have to worry about this.
Jon - 8033: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me not… let me not give it out as a… as a suggestion.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me give out as a question, as a quote.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Actually, probably this is the best format.
Zainan Victor Zhou: -Oh.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes. Okay, now, the console consists of two agent roles, info agent, and Judge Agent.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Two rows. We'll aggregate and resolve consoles.
Zainan Victor Zhou: We make this distribution distinction to clarify.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Capability and domains… Are represented in strings.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And, requests were represented in the struct of address.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Reward.
Zainan Victor Zhou: token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Bald amount.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Boned purr. Let me see if this is Clark that's decided… that is discussed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And bond is a stake to defer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Spam, and actually… Actual enforcement or amount is implemented-specific.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm not sure if I read this…
Zainan Victor Zhou: sentence, this definition is important because it explains what bond is in this contest, but it's a little bit hard to understand. Can you…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Kind of help me understand what is… what this sentence means.
Jon - 8033: Yeah, so whenever the agents are committing their answer, there needs to be a bond. Otherwise, you know, if the answer is incorrect, you know, there's no negative consequence, so the bond acts as a negative consequence. If the.
Zainan Victor Zhou: to answer the…
Jon - 8033: They give us wrong, then the bond is, taken out.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's a.
Jon - 8033: It's given back. Yeah, yeah, it's, yeah, essentially it's a slashful stake, correct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, I would advise… I would suggest that you rephrase this sentence, it's… because this sentence is a little bit hard to understand, like…
Jon - 8033: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: or amount is implementation-specific. If you want to say bond is supposed to be a slashable stake.
Zainan Victor Zhou: so that that submission or malicious submission would be penalized, then I think it's okay. But if you say that it's also implementation-specific.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think that is no longer explaining bond, it's saying how bond can be implemented, right? So you basically…
Jon - 8033: The intention was in the amount.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right.
Jon - 8033: implementation specific.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right, so… If I were to make suggestions here, I would say.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, whoa, this is so long.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Bond is a… slash… Bowl, stake, and agent put in… To… And, if this… if… And B…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Panelize.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If… I had to say that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If, the submission was turned out, Turns out to be wrong.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Malicious.
Zainan Victor Zhou: As you see, yeah, and… And the amount… Of it is…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Implementation-specific. Something like that. Just to kind of have a comma, have a period to separate the definition and the instruction.
Jon - 8033: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'll leave it to you. Basically… I'm suggesting… Except for… separating that… definition.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Of a bond from its… From the instruction of how it should… can be.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Demented. Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… Okay, that's the… that's about the bond. Bond amount…
Zainan Victor Zhou: per agent. And this means you are very specifically saying everyone is paying for the same amount, right? Because you only provide one information.
Jon - 8033: Right.
Zainan Victor Zhou: the Kumbai.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And is that intentional?
Jon - 8033: Yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And that is in the discussion of rationale, right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay… Let me check the rationale.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Bond amount is…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, because it's… everyone is an equal agent.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right?
Jon - 8033: Yep.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nice.
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is gonna take a little bit longer, because I think this is a long, longer ERC and have a lot of details.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Deadline.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Deadline, timestamp. Do you want to specify units?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is it Unix? Is it.
Jon - 8033: I mean, I think we can leave it open up to…
Zainan Victor Zhou: blocked.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, that…
Jon - 8033: that's being specified.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, in that case, you have to declare that this is implementation-specific, and has to be consistent across different deadlines. Like, the request deadline should be consistent with the unit. Define the unit, or leave, declare
Zainan Victor Zhou: that it's… Left for the… Implementation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And that, when you leave it to the implementation, it means two agent contracts that is con… and two agent…
Zainan Victor Zhou: have to figure out… agent-client have to figure out what the deadline unit is in order to interact with this ER… in order to interact with one…
Zainan Victor Zhou: embodiment of your ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And therefore, you need to have a way to communicate with them. It is okay that you decide to say that, hey, everyone, communicate that outside of the ERC, maybe put your website, or you can also say, here is the thing, we… you can read it from
Zainan Victor Zhou: From… from this ERC? Like, do you know what I'm… do you understand, did I make my point clear?
Jon - 8033: Yep, yep, no, I got it.
Jon - 8033: We'll… we'll make a change to it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, so that's the definition, like, in ERC20, the decimal was, like, clearly…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Was decided to be, left for implementation, but then they provide an interface for everyone to say what their decimal is.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, so this is the query.
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is the specifications.
Zainan Victor Zhou: You're going to send a lot of strings here, and then a huge… nasty struct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's gonna be very fun to… to, parse.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, a lot of events…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Agent… requested… Agent commit, agent reviewed, judge selected, How is Jack's Judge selected?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Select… Randomly from a separate pool. Recommended. Distinct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Do you want to assume this is a security risk, and how advise the implementer
Zainan Victor Zhou: how you would suggest them to select, because it's not there for you to do random.
Jon - 8033: Right.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, we want to.
Jon - 8033: We do the… the RANDOL, yeah, we, we actually, we go into this, into the EIP.
Jon - 8033: There is definitely discussion on how to select the judges.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, a random judge. Our role-based approach.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Our role-based approach. Is that an… is that a…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is this approach an ERC-level concept?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Or an, or an implementation level concept.
Zainan Victor Zhou: When you say our approach.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see…
Jon - 8033: So, it's two different agents.
Jon - 8033: Still able to see it.
Jon - 8033: the roles of the agents, not the ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, the ro- okay, so.
Jon - 8033: Separate pools.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's separate. The ERCs specifically define different…
Zainan Victor Zhou: role. Therefore, this approach is ERC level.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Optional reputation thresholds.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see… Okay, judge?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Judge selection is an important thing.
Zainan Victor Zhou: resolution… has a… has a… has a different stage. It has finalized stage.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It has failure stage. I would suggest you swap the… Swap to… These order, if you want.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Supposedly, resolution finalized, then failure can be closer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, this is… a reason.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Dispute initiated. Dispute window opened. Dispute resolved.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So you're giving it a dispute.
Zainan Victor Zhou: approach.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, core method, you need to implement core method.
Zainan Victor Zhou: A lot of times, these different parts
Zainan Victor Zhou: can be written in the format of different interfaces, you know? Have you considered that?
Zainan Victor Zhou: And then you can say, our interface is a union of these three interfaces, and the court, like, when you declare the…
Zainan Victor Zhou: The request creation, agent commit review, judging aggregation, and reward distribution.
Zainan Victor Zhou: By the way, I think you would also…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Need to mention the dispute in this… here, right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: You have defined dispute interfaces, it's probably better to include that in these part.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right.
Zainan Victor Zhou: In the, in the overview.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm assuming this part is the overview and the specification.
Jon - 8033: Yeah, we do go into the dispute part, but sure, we can put it in the overview.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I mean, yeah, it seems like dispute is quite important in your interface definition.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… I would, I would, I would leave it, I would also include that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… And then you have to decide whether that's masked or not.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And since you put it in.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Workflow.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is it?
Zainan Victor Zhou: How should I put in the dispute? And,
Zainan Victor Zhou: And dispute. Rez.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Resolution.
Zainan Victor Zhou: process.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, here's distribute…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, reveal, commit… Commit ID, review… Request ID.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nonsense.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… Is your bond…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is your bonds paid in reward token, or is your bond paid in native, like Ethers?
Jon - 8033: It would be up to the implementation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And if it… if you want to allow…
Zainan Victor Zhou: If you want to allow bond amount to be paid in reward token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Then, either you have to define
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, here's the thing, you have to make that decision as a… ERC author.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If you want to leave it to the implementation implementer, you have to call it out and provide a way for them to tell.
Zainan Victor Zhou: For example, if you say, I want to let everyone use their own token for bond.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Then, do they have to be the reward token, or not?
Zainan Victor Zhou: What do you… is… what's your call?
Jon - 8033: We would like to make it open enough that if they want to make all of the reward, the bond, the same token, or if they want the reward to be in Ether, and the bond to be in another token, that they have the ability to do that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's… that's nice, that's very nice. That means that information had to be included in the request.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right? Then you'll have to have an address of bond token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If you want to make that… if you want to allow the implementer to decide that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: You can also say… yeah, alternatively, you can also say, yeah, we allow you to use any token, but it must
Zainan Victor Zhou: Be the same one with reward token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: that's also an option, right? But now, when I see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: the reason why I'm raising that question is because I see the commit function Has a payable mark.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right? Which means…
Zainan Victor Zhou: And then it… the comment says, with bond. When everyone… when most of the contract implementer read this part.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think we will think that bond is paid
Zainan Victor Zhou: with the native token, Ethers, in Maint, because you want to use the payable.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So that's, like, the… that's the kind of,
Zainan Victor Zhou: clarity we need, as a reader of your ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So I will leave a message of, can we clarify what token does.
Zainan Victor Zhou: the bond. Accept.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Does it make sense? I think I am giving a verbal comment. I'm a little bit lazy to type them out.
Jon - 8033: Yeah.
Jon - 8033: Yeah, we can make the change. Thank you.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And… Reveal… and… okay, let me see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Because you're distributing rewards, I'm assuming those bonds should also be distributed back in the life cycle of this arrangement, right?
Jon - 8033: Yeah, that's part of the resolution.
Zainan Victor Zhou: In the resolution, bond will be distributed back. Let me make sure that it's discussed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Reward distribution. Refund the bond.
Zainan Victor Zhou: forfeed others.
Zainan Victor Zhou: By the way, do you assume Judge Agent to be one single agent, or multiple agent?
Jon - 8033: One single agent.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One single agent, and… The implementation may forfeit
Zainan Victor Zhou: The judge agent. In what way?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, if it fails to resolve in the allotted window. So the judge agents are…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Believe to be truthful and honest.
Zainan Victor Zhou: No matter what.
Jon - 8033: Not necessarily, I mean, that's why we do have the dispute mechanism, but yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, right.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: disputes, okay. Optional dis… extensions.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, right. And…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, I think that would be a better…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Summary.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh… Okay, I will delete this too.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Excellent.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Security, selection, collusion of… Bonds.
Zainan Victor Zhou: They're… Here in this… of random selection.
Zainan Victor Zhou: of judge, so rely… on the… Talk.
Zainan Victor Zhou: crypto strengths.
Zainan Victor Zhou: of… Randomness.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Indus… In a security consideration.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, this is the…
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is an aggregate.
Zainan Victor Zhou: There's one request. The aggregate is to aggregate answers.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, final answer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: How does Aggregate work?
Jon - 8033: The judge agent will look at the… sorry, go ahead.
Zainan Victor Zhou: The judge will call the aid aggregate to submit the final answer and classify winners.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Implementation must auto-count.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Reviewed votes and picked majority.
Zainan Victor Zhou: In that case, does it still need a judge?
Jon - 8033: Yeah.
Jon - 8033: You know, the agents could put incorrect information.
Zainan Victor Zhou: But you also say it must alto count. So, let's say Judd, based on the… Submitted revealed votes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: This… there is one answer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And the judge… Counted it, but decided to override that answer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is that a possible implementation?
Zainan Victor Zhou: in this proposal? Like, is that still considered compliant?
Jon - 8033: Yeah, I mean, we'd want to be able to make it possible that if all of the agents were saying something incorrectly, the judge would have the option to
Jon - 8033: override it and say no. So, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, I think I would need… I would suggest clarifying…
Zainan Victor Zhou: What it means to be… must auto-count.
Zainan Victor Zhou: and also…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can you clarify?
Zainan Victor Zhou: What it means by… Must.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alto count.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Using… maybe… Solidity.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Code to sh… Dead.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Code demo.
Zainan Victor Zhou: to show.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, because I… when I read that, I'm a little bit puzzled, right? Like, if it's already counted, then…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Then you don't need to pass in the answer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Or… And,
Zainan Victor Zhou: clarify how… to handle the case when Judge Agent… Believe the… Info agents.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Boats… Need to be… be overwritten.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right. Ugh.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now we're at what step we are now. We're in aggregates. Let's see what else does Aggregates will do.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It will show the winners.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And the winner must be the info agent.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Winner for reward. Classification.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, so, winner, winner…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Call distribute this rewards to pay out correct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: In agent, which means such rewards must be… stored somewhere, like this… This, we'll store the wiener, okay?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Based on config.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Professional splits, implement a specific ratio, like judge fees, Refund bonds to correct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Info agents… Forfeit others, emit Distributed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, it must pick, it must vote, it must… Count and pick majority.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Which means… The judge will have to pick the majority.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So the judge cannot overwrite the answer, I think.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If you, if, if you, say, have to… must… auto count, I'm assuming, must…
Zainan Victor Zhou: The word must also apply to pig.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, I guess the question is, can judge override
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can judge override the votes?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Question.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hand judge over… Judge agent overwrite the… Majority of votes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If yes… Then, why is… must also applying to IC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: maybe decide… Must.
Zainan Victor Zhou: decide if… to pick.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If no, then… Judge.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Agent.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Cannot override.
Zainan Victor Zhou: the majority of votes. And why does it need to Submit.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Final.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Final answer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: When such answer Can and must be decided.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Base.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Already submitted.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oats.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So that's my question. Do you have an answer to this?
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is pure editorial. This is unclarity that can lead to too understanding.
Jon - 8033: Sorry, give me one second.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, in this particular… This is an important part of your proposal.
Jon - 8033: That's.
Zainan Victor Zhou: judge process, judge must auto-count, review votes, and pick majority.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, the question is, can Judge Agent override the majority of votes?
Zainan Victor Zhou: If yes, then must does not apply to pick. Judge must decide if to pick.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If not, if judge cannot override the majority of votes, then the final answer should not be submitted by judge.
Zainan Victor Zhou: The judge… the final answer should be, like, derived from the state of the contract.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And there's no point having a parameter of final answer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: In, in this aggregate.
Jon - 8033: Yeah, so it also depends, too, if it's a discrete answer or an open-ended answer as well.
Jon - 8033: So we can specify that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, I'll leave it to you to just… this is a question I think would benefit your implementer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: To clarify.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, I will move on to… I guess we're very close to time, probably have to come back again. I think I'm…
Zainan Victor Zhou: like… One-third way,
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think, from the logic side, I'm halfway or two-thirds way on, but for the rationale, it probably wouldn't take that long, but probably it would take another time.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, I wonder, Poja, how should we proceed? Should we…
Zainan Victor Zhou: I want to kind of give German some time if he… if he's still here.
Zainan Victor Zhou: If that's okay.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, that's perfectly alright. We have a couple of minutes left. German, if you have any updates
Pooja Ranjan: To be shared with… Yes, smart.
German - EVVM.org: Hello? Yes, I just posted all the tests, and it was successful, so I think someone has to approve my reply, or my reply is…
German - EVVM.org: It's on the forum already.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see, where is the link?
Zainan Victor Zhou: And John, sorry to not being able to finish this review in one pass.
Jon - 8033: It's okay, thank you.
Zainan Victor Zhou: But yeah, you have a very, large and comprehensive and important ERC, so we want to, like.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Give it enough attention it deserves.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, let me go back to the link that, Pooja pulls up, let me see…
Pooja Ranjan: So we're looking for magician link for that proposal, or…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, I'm trying to look at that magician link, it's, I've been…
Zainan Victor Zhou: too deep into the… the Asian Council Oracle review.
Pooja Ranjan: I just shared in the chat for your reference.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: brain overload. You have too much information in one ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, so this is my, question… let me post.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, I'm now back to the ERC3003… 8003 on my question comment.
Zainan Victor Zhou: German, have you posted your answer here?
German - EVVM.org: Yes, I did, but I can't see it. It was very, very extensive, and with all the tests,
Zainan Victor Zhou: I refreshed, I didn't see it.
German - EVVM.org: I didn't close your test?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can you post your, your, your, your… can you post your link?
German - EVVM.org: I can't see it, and maybe it went to drafts?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, yeah, maybe you went to draft. Can you share your, your, your, your, your…
German - EVVM.org: No, I mean, it was for approval from someone, maybe?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Mmm, I'm not seeing more…
German - EVVM.org: Right.
Zainan Victor Zhou: The hosting, and then…
German - EVVM.org: It's on pending.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, you couldn't… you couldn't submit the reply?
German - EVVM.org: Yes, it's on pending.
Pooja Ranjan: Give me a second, I will try to approve that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Do we now need, approval for, Yves Magician's reply?
Pooja Ranjan: Not really, but I think in this case, because they are using some address, and it could be flagged by the bot that these.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh…
Pooja Ranjan: So now you should be in Get a response.
German - EVVM.org: How you going?
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's weird.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's weird, that's the author. It should not be flagged if the post is flagged.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, because you're adding… you're adding a lot of links, that's possible.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah, so the bot is designed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I didn't know if you had anything fishy.
Pooja Ranjan: She should be planned here, yeah, so that's why it was blocked.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Bob to Charlie transfer will fail.
German - EVVM.org: I made all the steps with the 3 new accounts, and I added an extra step to send 2 tokens.
German - EVVM.org: After this failure.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Insufficient? Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's Sepolia…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, that's, that's a very interesting approach. I will probably have to study more, but that at least, is a valid… is a test that I'm happy to see, and let me merge it as a draft, for… for… now that you have, show.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That it, it would fail.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, there is a way to make sure that the math works. I think you do need to clear up the… some of the bot's failure, but I'm going to give it a thumbs up.
German - EVVM.org: Yes, yes, the bot… that bot is going every day to.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Awesome.
German - EVVM.org: Because I don't see it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, cool.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alright, thank you very much, and for whoever else is waiting, I'm sorry that we didn't get a chance to get to you.
German - EVVM.org: Thank you so much for your time.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you, Victor. Thank you, everyone, for joining, and people, if you could not get your PR reviewed this week, we would be having another meeting on November 4th, so try to leave a comment.
Pooja Ranjan: And we'll try to include it in the agenda. But in the meantime, also, editors are taking a look at your PRs. It's not only editing office hours only, so please…
Pooja Ranjan: Feel free to drop in the Discord channel, editor's channel, as well as drop your link here in the agenda.
Pooja Ranjan: And we are also organizing EIP Summit at DevConnect, so if you are around, please stop by. It would be a good opportunity to meet editors, authors, developers, and exchange our thoughts.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you, everyone, once again for joining.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yep. Bye.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you, Pooja.
German - EVVM.org: your picture.